in 1989 on Sherpa talk started an exotic
meat and food distributing company now
based in Paris he said he started the
company as a hobby I love to eat started
like that
I started from very low end and right
now I sell the most expensive meat in
the world a Japanese Kobe beef you know
people are becoming more interesting I
mean they're you know we are getting
honestly they're tired with this beef
chicken and pork you wanna try something
wild something game with less pets and
two meats more refreshing
I said iguana I'm sold out I'm trying to
get I get a request to what is that
guinea pigs right there's a lady she's
going to start raising for me like
hundred a week right and I know people
love it
you know every but you know the
California everybody comes to California
from all over the world it's a melting
pot right and you know I come from India
so I only eat this
she comes from Fiji she won't say it
this you come from Israel you want to
eat this everybody wants to eat
something right so if he comes from
there he wants something from there the
talk said not everyone is open to the
idea of selling meat from such exotic
animals
some people know me some people hate me
what can I do I mean I'm Hindu Brahmin
right so in India
beef is sacred Indian cow is sacred
right I mean America he said creativity
is what keeps his company looking into
the future I'm introducing a pepperoni
for the pizza I'm introducing alligator
pepper pepperoni kangaroo pepperoni
bison pepperoni so people love it you
know whatever I introduced from Paris
this is Jennifer Whitaker with the press
enterprise and PE calm